README.md, before:

# Mechanism Browser
![](screenshots/matrix_input.png)
The mechanism browser allows searching for mechanisms without knowing their name or a textual description. Instead, you specify mechanical features, like rotation and translation axes, to find what you seek.
Along with the search functionality, you can also add new mechanisms and edit existing articles.


<br></br>
## Requirements
Make sure that you have the following software with the corresponding versions installed:
- [OpenJSCAD CLI](https://github.com/jscad/OpenJSCAD.org/tree/master/packages/cli)
- [OpenSCAD](http://www.openscad.org/) >= 2015.03-2
- [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) >= 3.5.3
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) >= 5.6.0
- [Virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/) >= 15.2.0 (optional)

The Mechanism Browser works best with Mozilla Firefox.


<br></br>
## Setup
### Add server to hosts file
For any system that should have access to the Mechanism Browser, add the IP of the server and the hostname "mechanism-browser" to its hosts file.

### Setup the Django server
Make sure that you are using Python 3.
You might want to create a virtual environment to prevent interfering libraries.

Install the requirements:
```
sudo pip install -r Mechanism-Browser/backend/requirements.txt
```

Navigate to `Mechanism-Browser/backend/mechanismbackend/`.
Migrate the schemas:
```
python manage.py migrate
```

Create a superuser and choose a username and a password:
```
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

Finally, start the Django server:
```
python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8000
```

### Setup the Node.js server
Navigate to `Mechanism-Browser/frontend/`.
Install the dependencies:
```
sudo npm install
```

Setup OpenJSCAD:
```
git clone https://github.com/jscad/OpenJSCAD.org.git
mkdir external
mv OpenJSCA.org/ external/
```

Then, start the Node.js server:
```
sudo npm start
```


<br></br>
## Usage
### Browse mechanisms
In your browser, open `http://mechanism-browser/`.

### List mechanisms in the backend
In your browser, open `http://mechanism-browser:8000/api/mechanisms`.

### Edit mechanism in the backend
In your browser, open `http://mechainsm-browser:8000/admin`.
At "Mechanisms", click "Add", fill in the form, and confirm.


<br></br>
## Documentation
The documentation of the frontend can be found at `frontend/docs/index.html`. To re-generate it, run:
```
cd frontend
npm run docs:build
```

Commit message:

:memo: Add setup for web crawler

README.md, after:

# Mechanism Browser
![](screenshots/matrix_input.png)
The mechanism browser allows searching for mechanisms without knowing their name or a textual description. Instead, you specify mechanical features, like rotation and translation axes, to find what you seek.
Along with the search functionality, you can also add new mechanisms and edit existing articles.


<br></br>
## Requirements
Make sure that you have the following software with the corresponding versions installed:
- [OpenJSCAD CLI](https://github.com/jscad/OpenJSCAD.org/tree/master/packages/cli)
- [OpenSCAD](http://www.openscad.org/) >= 2015.03-2
- [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) >= 3.5.3
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) >= 5.6.0
- [Virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/) >= 15.2.0 (optional)

The Mechanism Browser works best with Mozilla Firefox.


<br></br>
## Setup
### Add server to hosts file
For any system that should have access to the Mechanism Browser, add the IP of the server and the hostname "mechanism-browser" to its hosts file.

### Setup the Django server
Make sure that you are using Python 3.
You might want to create a virtual environment to prevent interfering libraries.

Install the requirements:
```
sudo pip install -r Mechanism-Browser/backend/requirements.txt
```

Navigate to `Mechanism-Browser/backend/mechanismbackend/`.
Migrate the schemas:
```
python manage.py migrate
```

Create a superuser and choose a username and a password:
```
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

Finally, start the Django server:
```
python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8000
```

### Setup the Node.js server
Navigate to `Mechanism-Browser/frontend/`.
Install the dependencies:
```
sudo npm install
```

Setup OpenJSCAD:
```
git clone https://github.com/jscad/OpenJSCAD.org.git
mkdir external
mv OpenJSCA.org/ external/
```

Then, start the Node.js server:
```
sudo npm start
```


<br></br>
## Usage
### Browse mechanisms
In your browser, open `http://mechanism-browser/`.

### List mechanisms in the backend
In your browser, open `http://mechanism-browser:8000/api/mechanisms`.

### Edit mechanism in the backend
In your browser, open `http://mechainsm-browser:8000/admin`.
At "Mechanisms", click "Add", fill in the form, and confirm.


<br></br>
## Frontend documentation
The documentation of the frontend can be found at `frontend/docs/index.html`. To re-generate it, run:
```
cd frontend
npm run docs:build
```


<br></br>
## Web crawler
To fill the database with the web crawler, perform the following steps. 
You might want to create a virtual environment to prevent interfering libraries.
```
cd exploration/web_page_extractor
pip install -r requirements.txt
python web_page_extractor.py
```
